[Music]
Celia family like this like this happens
like this is the hint that I think would be
8 because the suits
and the auron ers yesterday were fighting
because their idols had made peace
or rather the aurum fans and the
reborn fans fighting because they
because the idols had made peace they
freaked out it turns out to be this that
this tweet has posted tortilla in the morning there is an event I
love you so elegant and there are a lot of
people who are taking this I think it
could be an hint
or not
or if there are a lot of people who have taken this
as
a possible incorporation
incorporation of reborn to tortilla I
also tell you this about the suit is a
meme on the internet that there is a lot of talk about live
shows of seven hours of life
in a suit not the wedding my cousin in a
tracksuit a new mouth opens in the
southeast of the Palma volcano cos
and that is going to complicate life
what could be the reason for this new
incorporation although aura and report have
made peace there was already a threat I
remember that I made a video of the main channel
I did not make a video
where there was a  threat of reconciliation
the reconciliation I started talking to him I have been
consulting him about role-playing things he is already
thinking about it and he has come to the
conclusion I think we have been too
sectarian and the truth is that
always playing the same thing tires me I am honest I
am sincere and playing always gains image I
was talking to him the other day and the
truth is that we cleared up quite a few things
for the moment I am not going to play with
him again yes they cleared up but for the moment they
agreed on distances
mystery moreno Diego micro natural
playing
on February 21st it was little she turned my
hair white for the first time
bikini they talked they clarified things but
they agreed on a distance ok a
cordiality but now it seems that
things have gone further let's see he says they are
kicking me out it was Eduardo's girlfriend and she is not
Maga Sanchez I had a small
mental lapse there I apologize I don't know what happened to me
could it be the spice it is an event with a
sponsor brand you know
in the middle of the afternoon for so much at this point
of the potatoes that went to my head
the truth is I don't know what happened yesterday I
apologize ferret quoted I take this opportunity to tell you
that  I'm so glad you
liked it in which to try a lot and I'm
going to put the grass also I say the
corner eggs and it's from Balbín that
you chose a week ago okay okay I already
appreciate it I send you a hug and
have a nice stream yes a tour
greetings friend I send you a big kiss damn of
course he films handsome it's true that you and
Rigor are friends again not together in
fact I met him this morning and what I
did is we
punched each other that's why I'm missing a tooth
but that made us see that life is
ephemeral and it's already there and now seriously
yes
this morning we talked the truth
after a while
and nothing we talked very calmly
after doing sleep many months ago
and we had to apologize
for what we had to
apologize each one for their own we have
clarified our things and everything is very good the
truth is
sometimes it is necessary for time to pass for
things to cool down
many times the dance the recent thing the
talking the apologies or whatever
for nothing because right now he has the
heat with that  person who yes
excuse me but time in the end
heals in to think in a
different way and the truth is that very well
we have had a very interesting talk
and everything very well we have followed each other on social
networks again so I do
n't know I am very happy to say this I
am always saying it has seemed that
I am sad but not on the contrary I am
happy very happy simply I
tell you today of a day of work work in
nothing bad everything is work but really
one thing because now we are going to continue what is
missing my mother is going
crazy but if we have spoken with spoken
to him and everything very well the truth everything
very well the truth is that I admit that the
decrepit old man I personally
missed him I know that he
has also grown very fond of him and if not a half
and as very intense he has
hai look at the tortilla bill unfair
what we just saw but I think he is going to
be my man I tell you one thing
with the friendship that they had and that they have had I would
not be surprised if he did it to
sign him the return to euro ni reborn was
the best news red heart I am glad
I also have a lot of dryness rebora
talks about  subject is also worth it but I didn't
have time to stay or you see I also
wanted to stir it up
but sometimes it's necessary when you see that
two people are there very tense and that they
have certain arguments well sometimes the
best thing is that after a while we separate
we cool off and I don't know that we are already 30
years old you know that in life
like school is no longer with Alan
we are 30 years old and I think we are
old enough to face our
problems and I'm telling you everything is fine everything is
correct and I'm very happy the truth is it
takes a weight off my shoulders because I am
a person who also little I also don't
like to get along with anyone it's something that I
dislike I believe
not to get along with you you have no reason to
hear from that person again that's it doesn't happen
yes it's true that they formed a
very intense friendship I don't know what would go on
between them they never
asked her and I'm not even interested in topics that
are private obviously it caught my
attention that Sara continued to go up
good to continue having good
words to rigor despite the fight between
the two
I thought it would be something that had to
do a lot of damage to gold
because for him to still say
things publicly like he's a person who isn't worth
it
for him to still say that he must
be hurt because normally
if I have a problem with ariel he fights
with ariel he doesn't want to talk to
anyone anymore he doesn't say anything you know he doesn't
say anything he stays quiet and doesn't make
things public but well look in the
end it was good that the reason didn't come to
light
because in the end then
things can be called if it's something with what we are you can call the thing and he's started talking again he's started talking again because they wanted to talk I understand a lot of discomfort the truth is and more when it coincides with being at the
squid game the other day I was there but and I
was uncomfortable but not in a way because I don't like
this guy no on the contrary it was
a plan by this guy I like him damn I
like him we have had some very good
times because because I have to be
away from him because because I have to
live this if it is that I also like him damn
and that's it and the best thing is that he
wrote to me to tell me that he
felt the same in the squid game
in the plan that discomfort  not having you
there in front of me and dodging you for no
reason because we also like each other
and that's really
very good very good great news for
me for him and I hope for the
fandom too it's understandable that there are people on his
side who are the same if they don't like me I
understand I respect you and maybe on mine
too there are some who don't like him it
may be but I only ask
because even if we are bad
yesterday the two fandoms were fighting because they had made
the father right of the face but if the
protagonists of the discussion
who are the ones who know what happened
because the rest of us don't know it
seems right to forgive each other for there will be a reason it wo
n't be worth it more it's okay that however
bad it was it was hard that
we understand that sometimes because of people they move
away then they come closer it's life
itself it will happen to you too with
your friends with many things like that
nothing well let's see if we coincide with
the decrepit old man someday playing
something play another
squid game I already want to introduce myself I
want to get the 50 bucks please play
another squid game  today they
notified me about one that was doing some
annoying people
but nobody places it I do
n't want them to do it again and I
introduced myself and
of course the family and up to here
for today I have no voice and I prefer to
keep myself a little to continue
working today I uploaded a video to the
main channel but they didn't deliver it to me success it's
taken too long the editing
is putting a lot of effort into the editing I don't
know but name delivery obviously
the time they wouldn't upload it to me to
deliver it now so tomorrow there will be a
video there will be a video
on the main channel
tomorrow there will be a video and I think it's going to be
a very nice video because it's a
new format that maybe I'll shoot more
often and make more videos of that style I do
n't know how it has worked because the subject is not
good either well I don't know I don't know maybe it will
work or maybe it won't
have the measure of what it's having
all these days of visits and well
family tomorrow we'll see you okay thank you very much
to everyone for the company that has
visited we are missing the tweets okay let's
go and what we're going to do some
root thank you very much to everyone for
today and now so if it couldn't take more
until tomorrow family to  a hug
[Music]